#{ fragment }
You sing, but, of course, no one hears the lyrics - they are all in your head. Without your voice, there is only the strumming of a confused guitar, as frail as a wolf without his claws or his sharp teeth.
#{ fragment }
Every tavern you ever set your foot into used to hear the { title }. This was the song that got everyone dancing, chanting, raising their full glasses in the air. It didn't matter whether they had skin, fur, scales or anything in between - it didn't even matter where they were coming from or where they were going to. Everytime you sang, all eyes and ears were on you and your voice.
#{ fragment }
All the songs and verses you had crafted were your proudest belongings. All your life, you thought you were meant to bring folks together with your singing. All that this world had to offer failed to make you feel alive, except for those precise moments when everyone gathered around and rejoiced over your talents.
#{ final fragment }
You used to be a bard with a singular worry: to catch people's attention. Now, you're a mercenary who doesn't care about anything but the coins in his pocket. Where once used to be sound, now there is silence. And in your hands, a dagger. 
You finish the song, but still hold the guitar in your hands.
A mercenary who doesn't care about anything but the coins in his pocket... actually, that is only the lie you keep telling yourself. What you really care about and work for is that, one day, you get your claws and teeth back. 
One day, you will recover the voice that was taken away from you. 
And for the first time in your life, you think that day is just a couple steps ahead of you - right at the end of your current contract.
...
You suddenly hear noises you weren't supposed to hear in this quiet forest. Slight unknown foosteps around you soon morph into thunder. Dry leaves crackle like glass shattered in a drunken brawl, and the grunts of many breaths become apparent. Four menacing silhouetes seemingly emerge out of the abyss, leaping from the forest onto the road and blocking your path. You find yourself surrounded by ill-intentioned bandits, so you strap the guitar on your back and draw your dagger.
%